Treasure Island
Novel by Robert Louis Stevenson
3.8/5
Goodreads
5/5
Common Sense Media
82% liked this book
Google users
Treasure Island is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson, narrating a tale of "buccaneers and buried gold". Wikipedia
Originally published: 28 January 1882
Author: Robert Louis Stevenson
Publisher: Cassell (London)
Characters: Long John Silver, Jim Hawkins, Captain Flint

Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Novel by Mark Twain
80% liked this book
Google users
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a novel by Mark Twain, first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885. Wikipedia
Originally published: 10 December 1884
Author: Mark Twain
Original language: English

The Call of the Wild
Novel by Jack London
3.8/5 · Goodreads
79% liked this book
Google users
The Call of the Wild is a short adventure novel by Jack London published in 1903 and set in Yukon, Canada during the 1890s Klondike Gold Rush, when strong sled dogs were in high demand. The central character of the novel is a dog named Buck. Wikipedia
Originally published: 1903
Author: Jack London
Genre: Adventure fiction
Publisher: Macmillan Publishers
Characters: Judge Miller, John Thornton, François, Buck, Spitz

King Solomon's Mines
Novel by H. Rider Haggard
83% liked this book
Google users
King Solomon's Mines is a popular novel by the English Victorian adventure writer and fabulist Sir H. Rider Haggard. Wikipedia
Originally published: 1885
Author: H. Rider Haggard
Country: United Kingdom
Characters: Allan Quatermain, Sir Henry Curtis, Umbopa, Gagool, Captain John Good, Foulata, Infadoos, King Twala, George Neville

Robinson Crusoe
Novel by Daniel Defoe
3.7/5 · Goodreads
84% liked this book
Google users
Robinson Crusoe is a novel by Daniel Defoe, first published on 25 April 1719. The first edition credited the work's protagonist Robinson Crusoe as its author, leading many readers to believe he was a ... Wikipedia
Originally published: 25 April 1719
Author: Daniel Defoe
Original language: English
Characters: Robinson Crusoe, Friday, Xury, The Portuguese captain, The Spaniard

The Count of Monte Cristo
Novel by Alexandre Dumas
4.2/5
Goodreads
4.9/5
LibriVox Audio Books - BookDesign
88% liked this book
Google users
The Count of Monte Cristo is an adventure novel by French author Alexandre Dumas completed in 1844. It is one of the author's most popular works, along with The Three Musketeers. Wikipedia
Originally published: 1884
Author: Alexandre Dumas
Original title: Le Comte de Monte-Cristo
Characters: Edmond Dantès, Fernand Mondego

The Lord of the Rings
Novel by J. R. R. Tolkien
Image result for Lord of the Rings
Preview book
4.5/5 · Goodreads
94% liked this book
Google users
The Lord of the Rings is an epic high fantasy novel written by English author and scholar J. R. R. Tolkien. The story began as a sequel to Tolkien's 1937 fantasy novel The Hobbit, but eventually developed into a much larger work. Wikipedia
Originally published: 29 July 1954
Author: J. R. R. Tolkien
Preceded by: The Hobbit
Original language: English
Characters: Frodo Baggins, Bilbo Baggins, Gandalf, Sauron

Moby-Dick
Novel by Herman Melville
3.5/5 · Goodreads
Did you like this book?
Moby-Dick; or, The Whale is a novel by American writer Herman Melville, published in 1851 during the period of the American Renaissance. Wikipedia
Originally published: 18 October 1851
Author: Herman Melville
Publisher: Richard Bentley
Characters: Captain Ahab, Ishmael, Queequeg, Moby Dick, Captain Boomer, Starbuck, Stubb, Elijah

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Novel by J. K. Rowling
4/5 · Common Sense Media
95% liked this book
Google users
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a fantasy novel written by British author J. K. Rowling and the second novel in the Harry Potter series. Wikipedia
Originally published: 2 July 1998
Author: J. K. Rowling
Release number: 2nd in series
Genre: Fantasy Fiction
Illustrator: Cliff Wright
Characters: Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley

20'000 Leagues Under the Sea: The Original Classic
Novel by Jules Verne
3.9/5
Goodreads
4.1/5
ManyBooks
86% liked this book
Google users
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea: A Tour of the Underwater World is a classic science fiction adventure novel by French writer Jules Verne published in 1870. Wikipedia
Originally published: 20 June 1870
Author: Jules Verne
Original title: Vingt mille lieues sous les mers
Publisher: Pierre-Jules Hetzel