The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Novel by Stieg Larsson
4.1/5 · Goodreads
82% liked this book
Google users
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a psychological thriller novel by the late Swedish author and journalist Stieg Larsson, which was published posthumously in 2005 to become an international bestseller. It is the first book of the Millennium series. Wikipedia
Originally published: August 2005
Author: Stieg Larsson
Series: Millennium
Original title: Män som hatar kvinnor
Followed by: The Girl Who Played with Fire (2006)
Characters: Lisbeth Salander, Mikael Blomkvist, Harriet Vanger

In Cold Blood
Novel by Truman Capote
4/5 · Goodreads
78% liked this book
Google users
In Cold Blood is a non-fiction novel by American author Truman Capote, first published in 1966; it details the 1959 murders of four members of the Herbert Clutter family in the small farming community of Holcomb, Kansas. Wikipedia
Originally published: January 1966
Author: Truman Capote
LC Class: HV6533.K3 C3 1994
Publisher: Random House
Genres: Crime Fiction, True crime, Non-fiction novel
Awards: Edgar Award for Best Fact Crime

The Big Sleep
Novel by Raymond Chandle
4/5 · Goodreads
Did you like this book?
The Big Sleep is a hardboiled crime novel by Raymond Chandler, the first to feature the detective Philip Marlowe. It has been adapted for film twice, in 1946 and again in 1978. The story is set in Los Angeles. Wikipedia
Originally published: 1939
Author: Raymond Chandler
Genre: Crime Fiction
Page count: 277
Publisher: Alfred A. Knopf
Characters: Philip Marlowe, General Sternwood

And Then There Were None
Novel by Agatha Christie
4.2/5
Goodreads
4.4/5
Flipkart
4.9/5
Waterstones
91% liked this book
Google users
And Then There Were None is a mystery novel by English writer Agatha Christie, widely considered her masterpiece and described by her as the most difficult of her books to write. Wikipedia
Originally published: 6 November 1939
Author: Agatha Christie
Characters: Miss Emily Brent, Anthony Marston, Mrs. Rogers, General Macarthur, Thomas Rogers
Adaptations: And Then There Were None (1945), MORE
Genres: Mystery, Crime, Psychological thriller

The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
Novel by Agatha Christie
4.2/5
Goodreads
4.6/5
Flipkart
93% liked this book
Google users
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins, Sons and in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company on 19 June 1926. Wikipedia
Originally published: June 1926
Author: Agatha Christie
Page count: 312 (first edition, hardback)
Genre: Crime Fiction
Publisher: William Collins, Sons
Characters: Hercule Poirot, Roger Ackroyd, Dr. James Sheppard

Murder on the Orient Express
Novel by Agatha Christie
4.2/5 · Goodreads
91% liked this book
Google users
Murder on the Orient Express is a detective novel by Agatha Christie featuring the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot. It was first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 1 January 1934. Wikipedia
Author: Agatha Christie
Genre: Crime Fiction
Adaptations: Murder on the Orient Express (1974), Murder on the Orient Express (2017), Murder on the Orient Express (2001)
Characters: Hercule Poirot, Ratchett, Mary Debenham, MORE
Preceded by: Lord Edgware Dies, Three Act Tragedy
Followed by: The A.B.C. Murders, Three Act Tragedy

The Dry
Novel by Jane Harper
4.1/5
Goodreads
4.6/5
Waterstones
88% liked this book
Google users
A small town hides big secrets in The Dry, an atmospheric, page-turning debut mystery by award-winning author Jane Harper.After getting a note demanding his presence, Federal Agent Aaron Falk arrives ... Google Books
Originally published: 2015
Author: Jane Harper
Followed by: Force of Nature
Genres: Fiction, Thriller, Suspense, Mystery, Police procedural
Nominations: Goodreads Choice Awards Best Mystery & Thriller, Goodreads Choice Awards Best Debut Goodreads Author

The Maltese Falcon
Novel by Dashiell Hammett
3.9/5 · Goodreads
Did you like this book?
The Maltese Falcon is a 1930 detective novel by Dashiell Hammett, originally serialized in the magazine Black Mask beginning with the September 1929 issue. The story has been adapted several times for the cinema. Wikipedia
Originally published: 14 February 1930
Author: Dashiell Hammett
Genre: Detective fiction
Country: United States of America
Characters: Sam Spade, Ruth Wonderly, Joel Cairo, Miles Archer, 

Two Kinds of Truth
Book by Michael Connelly
4.4/5 · Goodreads
80% liked this book
Google users
Harry Bosch is back as a volunteer working cold cases for the San Fernando police and is called out to a local drug store where a young pharmacist has been murdered. ... Google Books
Originally published: 31 October 2017
Author: Michael Connelly
Followed by: The Wrong Side of Goodbye
Preceded by: The Wrong Side of Goodbye, The Burning Room

The Hound of the Baskervilles
Novel by Arthur Conan Doyle
88% liked this book
Google users
The Hound of the Baskervilles is the third of the crime novels written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle featuring the detective Sherlock Holmes. Wikipedia
Originally published: April 1902
Author: Arthur Conan Doyle
Genre: Detective fiction
Adaptations: The Hound of the Baskervilles (1959), MORE
Preceded by: The Sign of the Four, The Valley of Fear, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
Followed by: The Valley of Fear, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes